# Online-E-commerce-Store
This is an online e-commerce Store.
To implement a database system of an online website for selling clothes for Men, Women and Kids.
Overview :- This website will have three major sections: Home, User and Admin. User after logging in can select a product and can have various information about it like colour available, stocks and so on. He then will select the product to buy and verify the delivery address and then he will go to payment page to pay and book his product. Admin can edit, delete, add products after logging in the admin page.
Homepage :- In this page, there will be clothes based on the category Men, Women and Kids. Each category will have subcategory based on type of clothes, like Jeans, Shirt (Half or Full sleeves), T-shirt etc for Men and Kids and for Women category it will be Saree, Salwar etc. Each type of clothes will further have brands. These entire things will be displayed in the form of image grid, based on the category, on the home page. User can apply filter based on his requirement of clothes to show filtered results based on the category (but if the user is not logged in then clicking on buy now button will redirect him to login page and if that user doesn’t have account he need to register first and if user will login to website then he will be directed to user page whose details are given in User page section of this Document). Each image of each clothes will have one main image and multiple sub images showing different views (back-view, side-views, front-view) of clothes. So, each product will have Brand name, Price, Category name, Discount offered (in %), Stock Availability of the product and Multiple images. When a product availability becomes zero that product will be flagged with “Out of Stock”. Besides image grid, it will show tabs like User login, Signup, Admin login, About (This section will further have information about client like Name, Address, Email ID, Phone no., Social media contacts, etc). New user can register on the website by clicking on signup tab in the home page. User will have to fill the details like Name, Gender, Email ID, Password, Address, Phone Numbers. After clicking on Signup Button. Email verification would be done and then user will get registered. Then only user can use login tab to go to the user page.
Userpage :- When user will login, he/she will be directed to user page. User page will introduce some new tabs along with tabs used in homepage. It will have a tab called My Account tab where user can edit details filled by him during signup process. It will also have My orders tab, which will show order placed by that user so far. It will have logout tab for logging out from the user account. User can also apply filter in this page and this time user will also be able to buy that product. After clicking on Buy now, user will be directed to product information page which will show brand name of product, category of product, type of product, images of product, size (if applicable, as admin will decide it), colour availability (if applicable as decided by admin), stocks availability, price, discount (in%). If one or more than one stock is available then only user can select quantity of product click on proceed to buy button else if stock availability is zero then user can’t buy that product. After clicking on proceed to buy, user will be directed to payment page and he will be asked to fill detailed delivery address (which is mandatory), then user will click on proceed to buy button for payment. If discount will be available for that product than price after discount will be shown to user at the time of payment. After payment is done all the information related to that booked product will be recorded and admin can view these in the admin page (discussed in admin page of this document). When the product is finally booked, if the stocks of that product is left then it will be visible in the Homepage or User page or if stock is empty, it will be flagged as out of stock in both user page and home page. User can view all orders he has made so far in my orders page.
Admin Page :- Admin will have separate page of admin. There should be admin login Tab in the home page for admin login. There will also be records of details about each Admin like Name, Email ID, Password, Phone no.  When admin will be logged in, he will be redirected to admin page. In Admin page will have view, edit and delete product functionality. Admin can see records of user registered till now by clicking on View User tab. Admin page will also have logout tab for logging out of the admin page. Admin can view product available in the store. He can delete or edit details of product like Category, type of product, price, discounts, images, number of stocks, colours (not necessary unless product is available in different colours), size (if this filed is applicable to that type of product). Admin should also be able to add new products.  Admin can view the records of booking made by the user. He can also flag them as order is sent to customer or not yet sent. If sent then whether it got delivered or not. He can view these details in admin page. Admin can also edit Contact details and About us section viewed in the home section.
Additional Features :-
1) Notification Services :- Since there will not be only one admin so, whenever an admin will make some change like editing details of product, deleting product and adding new product or any change made by him other admin will be notified by email regarding this. Similarly, when user will verify his Email ID during signup process, he will be notified that he has completed his registration via email. Whenever he will book an order after payment he will receive a notification via mail that he has successfully placed his order.
2) Fully Responsive :- Pages should be responsive to the user's behaviour and environment based on screen size, platform and orientation.
